# CNN_RL_Enduro
This is a CNN model that with help of reinforcement learning and deepQlearning manages, too make the car in enduro drive fast on the track and identify other cars and overtake them.

In the pacman project the goal was to make an AI that could find it's way around in a maze and get away from the ghosts, the goal here is to learn the ai too drive fast on a road defined by two lines, also it must learn how to identify other cars and learn how to overtake other cars. This ai succeeded in that task, after two million steps of training. This was a model that took double the amount of training too be succesfull in comparison to the Pacman ai. But the reason for this is obvious if you take a look at it's wheights after a million steps. The AI starts of very slow, and drives into the side of the road, this means that it never overtakes any cars. Thats a problem beacuse what it gets a reward from is overtaking, so it never gets better beacuse it never achieves anything, but then around 1.5 million steps it tries too overtake one car, and then it learns the game exponentially fast. 

What i have used for this model is OpenAI's gym enviroment, where they offer all atari games and their controls. Then i have made a model with the use of keras for the CNN model that analyzes the enviroment which is the raw pixels, and keras-rl for the Reinforcement learning. I have used deepQlearning too this problem, it is based around the theory of having an enviorment in pacman thats the maze, and an agent which is pacman in this case. The enviroment sends a state too the agent, the agent then makes an action which results in a new state and a reward. The purpose is then too optimize the reward, and this goes on in a loop. Too run this model you need tensorflow: pip install tensorflow (for the gpu version then it is tensorflow-gpu) You will also need keras and keras-rl both pip installs, if you use linux then you can get the OpenAI gym enviroment easy with: Pip install cmake and then pip install gym[atari] else with windows do pip install cmake, pip install gym and pip install atari-py Make a folder where you can save your training file and then read from it in test phase.

You train the model by going too the directory where you have the model file, and then type: python model.py --mode train (for training) python model.py --mode test (for testing)

If you don't want too train the model i have included trained weights that can be downloaded :)
